Adding a troubleshooting section with previously raised questions. (#44)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS_Driver: README.md

## How to report an issue

> Before creating an issue, please have a look at the [Troubleshooting section](Troubleshooting) of this document.

Reviewer: Not sure, but is this missing a `#`?

```suggestion
Before creating an issue, please have a look at the [Troubleshooting section](#Troubleshooting) of this document.
```

rosrun rqt_joint_trajectory_controller rqt_joint_trajectory_controller
```

## Troubleshooting

This section will cover some previously raised issues.

1. **I started everything, but I cannot control the robot.**<br/>
 The `External Control` program node from the URCap is not running on the robot. Make sure to
 create a program containing this node on the robot and start it. Inside the ROS terminal you
 should see the output `Robot ready to receive control commands.`<br/>
 Note: When interacting with the teach pendant, or sending other primary programs to the robot, the
 program will be stopped. On the ROS terminal you will see an output `Connection to robot
 dropped, waiting for new connection`. In those cases, restart program execution (e.g. by pressing
 the play button on the TP).<br>

>  In general, make your you did follow this approach:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In general, make sure you've completed the following tasks:
```

    1. Install and setup the `External Control` URCap as explained [above](#setting-up-a-ur-robot-for-ur_robot_driver) (also setup the IP address **of the ROS pc** inside the URCap's installation.)
    2. Start the driver handing the IP **of the robot** as explained in the [quickstart](#quick-start)
    3. Load and start the previously generated program on the TP.
2. **When starting the program on the TP, I get an error "The connection to the remote PC could not
   be established"** <br/>
 Make sure, the IP address setup is correct, as described in the setup guides ([CB3 robots](ur_robot_driver/doc/install_urcap_cb3.md),
 [e-Series robots](ur_robot_driver/doc/install_urcap_e_series.md))<br/>
 Note: This error can also show up, when the ROS driver is not running.
3. **When starting the program on the TP, I get a `C207A0` error.**<br/>
 Most probably, the EtherNet/IP fieldbus is enabled in the robot's installation. Since the robot's

>  ethernet port is used for communicating with ROS (Node: EtherNet/IP != ethernet), you'll have to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ethernet port is used for communicating with ROS (note: EtherNet/IP != ethernet), you'll have to
```

>  deactivate this. See

Reviewer: Is this actually true?

EtherNet/IP should tolerate additional devices on the same segment, so a switch could be used.

I understood the comments in #28 as if safety over EtherNet/IP was configured, so without there being an actual EtherNet/IP connection, the controller went into a fault mode, to prevent operation of the robot without the safety-system working properly.

Author: True, that doesn't hit the point, exactly.

rosrun rqt_joint_trajectory_controller rqt_joint_trajectory_controller
```

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: Suggestion: make each Q&A a separate sub section (instead of a numbered bullet).

It would clean up the markdown a bit, and reduces the need for the embedded html.

Author: That's a very good suggestion, thank you.
